Similar to all other services for this app (Neighborhood Hub), I would like to add a couple of new features to this project: 1- a simple whiteboard where one random fun question is posted everyday and neighborhood members can vote and answer and get rewarded. 2- Community Gallery. Let's position 2 new cards right below Advertisements and Grievances.

Whiteboard workflow logic and rules:
1. every day a new question is posted where answers submitted by the neighborhood members will be completely deleted from the DB with the posting of a new question at 6 am the next day. One answer per member. Members who participate will earn points (see Leaderboard previously created).
2. the type of questions allowed: a little fun, a little exciting, a little social, a little science/history/geography related (a mix up and suitable for adults all the way up to over 80 years old because we have senior citizens who members in this community). I want things that is interesting to members and can increase engagement and bring them together not to stir debates and division. Example question areas could be about personal experiences, travel & vacation, food & cooking, sports, music/movies and entertainment, cultural festivals around the world, nature and the protection of our world, recent world wide trend, gardening, art, etc.
3. the app will use an AI model (suggest AI tools suitable for this exercise) to come up with 5 daily questions at 6 am (central time)
4. members can vote on these questions and they can do that until noon of the same day. The question with the highest votes will be published for that day. Members who voted will get one point on their Leaderboard. Members will be able to post their answer to the chosen question and they can do that up until 6 am the next day (when a new group of questions are presented for voting. Members who participate and submit their answer will earn two points on their Leaderboard.
5. questions previously posted on the app must be saved in the DB so that the AI model can compare those daily when coming up with the 5 daily questions in order to avoid duplication.
6. the AI tool should mix up the questions so they come from different categories (discussed previously in #2) and should also be mixed up so that they cater to different age groups and interests.
7. No history will be kept for the answers: answers to daily questions will be purged the next day with the introduction of a new cycle of questions/answers.
8. use IconChalkboard from the tabler icons library

Gallery workflow logic and rules:
1. (I'm not interested in people posting selfies of themselves or with celebrities) pictures are strictly forbidden for images of individuals and people. Pictures can be posted for a fancy / classic car a member saw in the street one day, a historic sculpture / bridge / building, a funny cloud in the sky, a scenery or site seeing during someone's trip overseas, a billboard sign, someone on a boat holding a freshly caught fish as long as the face(s) are not showing, a camel setting in the middle of the road (I have seen that myself in Oman), etc.
2. each member can upload ONLY one picture per day (I'm not interested in one member uploading 50 pictures then not access the app for the next 20 days for example)
3. posting one picture = one point for the Leaderboard score)
4. for each picture there must be a brief description from the member uploading the picture (the form must include both and the form will not submit if description is empty or less than 10 characters as I'm not interested in just looking at a picture without any context mentioned). The list of daily pics should show rows of cards and in each card you can see a small square image (avatar size), the member name who uploaded the picture, the first 60 or 70 characters of the picture description, the number of votes received thus far, and the number of comments. The list will be sorted by default with the picture card with highest score then in descending order. 
5. Clicking a picture card will redirect to the detailed view screen where a list of comments are shown and a comment textarea section at the bottom. Members can leave a comment (+1 point) or upvote/downvote (no points) or both. Only one comment per person. comments can be edited or deleted (the awarded point for the posted comment will be removed when the comment is deleted)
6. picture of the day will receive 3 points (so there will be daily winner and cut off time is 10 pm). A picture can not win the second time if no activity is recorded (for example a picture win 7 votes yesterday. But because it did not receive any additional votes the next day because of lack of activity (or whatever), the app will not award 3 more point for that
7. we should have a restriction on size 
8. we should have a clear standard policy for posting picture on the app. One that every member must check every time they upload a new picture.
9. if possible, I'd like to use an AI tool to validate each picture is inline with the app policy. However, I don't mind adopting a manual system initially where each picture upload will trigger a notification message sent to the neighborhood admins and moderators where they have to go on their dashboard to approve or reject. 
10. Archiving (optional) - I might resort to archiving old picture after a certain amount of time.
11. use IconLibraryPhoto from the tabler icons library

